I know in tune but don't let the record
folio sometimes it just happens
- twice before they win ten fights never
be quite
[Music]
you know these guys come in and
everybody's time everybody's well
rounded
[Laughter]
you'll get a chance to ride either very
few month munchies not like walking
before it's over you get your game on
we hope that
[Music]
there's a lot of heart coming in with
mothers
rounded shape a lot different than these
heavy weighted you know they come in
after a few beers from the bar 155
pounds he's got to got to be in shape a
lot of guys stay in the heavyweight
division just because he don't want to
drop weight hurt that big-time now we're
shouldn't see that said that I don't
want to drop it away
[Music]
great this way here to the games tonight
Oh until shovelin record
that's not great striking skills Scott
good ground in town
really quick on the feet spreading the
lightweight division
[Music]
it's all about who's going to get their
personal an
it's exciting you know something is
coming out of here with the victory
all around right now you can logon using
the same time time
right here search more DVDs whiter and
even more log on to candidates never
lost an established
[Music]
there we go round 1 we're off
right off the bat
trying to get this over Rick why quick
takedown directly in the mouth look
inside control can speak right into the
mouth
give it up is back to know what to do it
is over
waha JC Drake immediately just comes in
after he touches shoes gloves and you
see the crowd is not liking this tonight
a decent drink knocks out their
emotional equivalent
bathtime this touches gloves in here we
go
[Music]
so there is upon his back teeth and
drapes is dropping pawn to 30 40 punch
combination with over with somebody
wanted that w